What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
   
   any directory is not tracked down by git automatically.
   it will only be tracked for changes when we want the directory to be tracked down.
   in order to start tracking the files in the directory for changes that are made to it we have to give
   such orders to git. the command for tracking the directory is git init.
   when we run git init command what happens is that in the directory a git repository is initialized.
   git can see that there are untracked files in the directory.

   in order to track different versions of the files we have to initialize a git repository in the directory 
   in which we want to track the files. this is done using the command 'git init'.
   
   

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

   the only thing i have understood about the staging area is that the files added to it 
   will make one commit after commiting them to the repository.
   staging area does not store any versions of the files.
   the repository is where the commits made up of different version of the same file
   are stored after finalizing the small changes in the files.
   the working directory is just like ordinary directory where our files are stored.
   in a working directory where git repository is initialized the files will be tracked down by git.
   but in order to save that version of file we have to add them to staging area
   and then commit them.
   


How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

   in some conditions it may happen that i may need to introduce some additional features in my code
   and i may not be sure wheather it will be good or not. still i would be wanting to experiment 
   the changes in the code without creating problem for my original code.
   in such cases creating a different branch for such changes will be a helpful thing to do.
   by creating branches we can experiment our code seperately on different branch without affecting the original code
   

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?